c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll.config
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Cheepicus_12x12.png
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\IBM8x16.png
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Yayo_c64.png
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\SDL2.dll
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\SDL2.dll
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\soft_oal.dll
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\soft_oal.dll
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x86\libopenal.so.1
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\x64\libopenal.so.1
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\libSDL2-2.0.0.dylib
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\C64.font
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Cheepicus12.font
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\IBM.font
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Bash.exe
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\Bash.pdb
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\SadConsole.dll
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\bin\DesktopGL\AnyCPU\Debug\SadConsole.xml
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\obj\Debug\Bash.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\obj\Debug\Bash.exe
c:\users\lukas\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Bash\Bash\obj\Debug\Bash.pdb
